In the previous lecture with learnt all micro services this is register their network location with
the service registry.
In this lecture we will learn about how micro service instances need to send requests to other micro
services are able to query the service registry either directly or indirectly in order to obtain the
network location of the required micro service.
The first technique which is also known as plain site discovery is when the micro service that needs
to call another micro service directory queries the service just registry to obtain the network location
for instance of the required service.
So for example if the card costs like greater service which we mentioned in earlier examples needs to
call the delivery costs co-creator service it will first query service registry for an instance of the
delivery of course co-curator service the service history would reply to the court costs a greater service
with the network location.
One of the instances of the delivery costs gave greater service the service registry those will have
some load balancing logic in order to determine which instance to select.
Finally the cost of course co-creators service will use this network location to send the request to
the services this the alternative to clain site discovery is server side discovery in Silverside discovery
the micro service performing request would have no knowledge of the service registry.
It would simply send the request to a.
But in this endpoint the answer would then query the service registry for an instance of the required
service and point and forward the request did and here you can see the card cost creator service example
using server side discovery.
So the cart costs co-create our service sends the requests to the load but instant point which queries
services just the things and network location for an instance of the delivery cost co-creator service
and the request is sent to that instance.
One of the main advantages of server side discovery overclaim site discovery is that it is easier for
clients since they don't have the responsibility of quitting the service registry.
And although this may seem trivial since this cold would be the same for all micro services.
Keep in mind that in a Microsoft architecture different micro services could be written in different
programming languages.
Also any change to this logic on the client side would require upgrading all micro services.
However one disadvantage of using server side discovery is that there are more network hops involved
before the request finally arrives at the destination Micro's service.
Although in some cases the service registry is built as part of the load but answer which would reduce
their on time.
Another thing to keep in mind when using server side discovery is that the old answer is of course another
component that needs to be managed in the system.
And of course we would need to make sure that it is reliable and highly available.
As it becomes a critical component in the network.